enh(release): Add Centreon Web 21.04.13 RN (#1413)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 21.04.13

#### Bug Fixes

> - [Chart] Fixed a PHP warning and removed a debug text appearing at the bottom of the page when modifying a curve template in "Monitoring  >  Performances  >  Curves"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Chart] Fixed a PHP warning and removed a debug text appearing at the bottom of the page when modifying a curve template in "Monitoring > Performances > Curves"
```

> - [UX] When the user does not have the "Action access" rights for the top counter, when he connects then he gets the top counter "skeleton style"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UX] When users did not have the "Action access" rights for the top counter, the top counter was displayed "skeleton style". This has been fixed.
```

#### Security Fixes

> - [Administration] SQL Injections on ACL group listing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] SQL injections on ACL group listing
```

> - [Administration] SQL Injection on Knowledge Base configuration form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] SQL injection on Knowledge Base configuration form
```

> - [Administration] SQL Injections on LDAP listing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] SQL injections on LDAP listing
```

- [Configuration] Command path traversal resulting in RCE on command edition form

> - [Configuration] SQL Injection on export configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] SQL injection on export configuration
```

> - [Configuration] SQL Injections on SNMP traps edition form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] SQL injections on SNMP traps edition form
```

- [Configuration] SQL injection on Resources form
- [Core] RCE in legacy PHP's class autoload

> - [Monitoring] SQL Injection on performance curve edition form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring] SQL injection on performance curve edition form
```
